#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via panel
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via nbdime
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via langchain
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via nbdime
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==0.17.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
jupyterlab-code-formatter==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-git==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.1
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.0.154
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.4.3
    # via panel
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.5.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.2.1
    # via jupyterlab-git
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pyright
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numexpr==2.8.4
    # via langchain
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   openai
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
openai[datalib,embeddings]==0.27.5
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via langchain
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via openai
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
pandas==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
pandas-stubs==2.0.0.230412
    # via openai
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
panel==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
param==1.13.0
    # via
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-git
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyct==0.5.0
    # via panel
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyright==1.1.305
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyviz-comms==2.2.1
    # via panel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
regex==2023.3.23
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   nbdime
    #   openai
    #   panel
    #   tiktoken
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.12
    # via langchain
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   panel
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-pytz==2023.3.0.0
    # via pandas-stubs
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   ipython
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
y-py==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
